ENH add API to run solver to convergence with callbacks (#137)
benchopt/benchOpt: doc/how.rst

   - ``run(stop_value)``: This method takes only one parameter that controls the stopping
     condition of the solver. This is typically a number of iterations ``n_iter``

>      or a tolerance parameter ``tol`` or a ``callback`` function that will be called until a
>      number of iteration. This is controled by the ``stop_strategy``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     or a tolerance parameter ``tol``. Alternatively, a ``callback`` function that will be
     called at each iteration can be passed. The callback returns False once the
     computation should stop. The parameter is controlled by the ``stop_strategy``,
```

      the running time. The parameter is called ``tol`` and should be
      a positive float.

>     - ``'callback'``: in this case, the ``run`` method of the solver
>       will call at each iteration a callback function that computes the
>       objective until a high number of iteration is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``'callback'``: in this case, the ``run`` method of the solver
      should call at each iteration the provided callback function. It will
      compute and store the objective and return False once the computations
      should stop.
```

.. literalinclude:: ../benchopt/tests/test_benchmarks/dummy_benchmark/solvers/python_pgd.py

> For solvers that allow access to the each iterates of the solution, the ``run`` method can be
> pass and instead use ``run_all_in_one``. The distinction is in the use of a ``callback`` parameter.
> This is a function that must be placed at the beginning of each iteration and at the very end
> of the method. It takes the number of the iterate and its value as arguments. Here is an example
> in the same situation as above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For solvers that allow access to the each iterates of the solution, it is possible to implement
``run_with_cb``. The distinction is that it is called with a ``callback`` that should be called at
each iteration with parameters the number of iterate ``it`` and the current value of the iterate
``beta``. Here is an example in the same situation as above:
```

Author: ```suggestion
For solvers that allow access to each iterate of the solution, it is possible to implement
``run_with_cb``. The distinction is that is calls a ``callback`` that should be called at
each iteration with parameters the number of the iterate ``it`` and the current value of the iterate
``beta``. Here is an example in the same situation as above:
```

> .. literalinclude:: ../benchopt/tests/test_benchmarks/dummy_benchmark/solvers/python_pgd_allinone.py
>   :pyobject: Solver.run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. literalinclude:: ../benchopt/tests/test_benchmarks/dummy_benchmark/solvers/python_pgd_allinone.py

>   :pyobject: Solver.run_all_in_one

Author: ```suggestion
  :pyobject: Solver.run_with_cb
```

.. literalinclude:: ../benchopt/tests/test_benchmarks/dummy_benchmark/solvers/python_pgd.py

For solvers that allow access to each iterate of the solution, using ``"callback"``
as a ``stop_strategy`` implies a slight modification for ``run``. A ``callback`` should be called at

> each iteration with parameter the current value of the iterate ``beta``.

Reviewer 2: I am questioning this choice of the naming beta for param of optim

Here is an example in the same situation as above:

> .. literalinclude:: ../benchopt/tests/test_benchmarks/dummy_benchmark/solvers/python_pgd_allinone.py

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. literalinclude:: ../benchopt/tests/test_benchmarks/dummy_benchmark/solvers/python_pgd_callback.py
```
